[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie my name is karsten
so next up we have
some more recipe ideas if i remember
right
a bomb with a blue flame
[Music]
and what was the other it was how can we
drop super sweet
right how can we drop super sweet
[Music]
so if we look at what it takes to make
those
a bomb blue flame if i can get the third
to a hundred
and alchemy drops
super sweet i guess is 120.
well i think we can probably make the
bomb
actually let's see here
and do that
[Music]
and just trying to look
at different size and shape things
[Music]
is this really okay
which cauldron is best
[Music]
so if i hmm
okay let's give this a try
all right this is going well i think
something good will happen
yeah this is going great ah
let's see we want all right
this is going well
yeah this is going great
that and yeah this is going great this
really okay
um
uh oh yeah it says blue fine
now what traits to transfer
the effective versus mini and critical
hit
sure it's finished
[Music]
so now we can do an ori bomb
sophie are you here
[Music]
oh lucky it's unusual for you to come
here
yeah i just had a bit of a request for
you for me what could it be
to be honest i've been thinking of
methods for crafting new weapons
if it goes well i'll be able to make
even more durable and potent weapons but
is there some sort of problem yeah i
can't make it right now
does that mean you don't have the
materials
no it's a different problem this time
the furnace i have at my shop can't heat
up enough
but increasing the heat of the furnace
is no easy task
that's why i thought about borrowing the
power of alchemy
so you're asking if i can make a tool to
raise the heat of the furnace
you're sharp as i'd expect that's
exactly what i need
can you do it hmm i've never tried
something like this before
but i think i can do it that's good then
i'd like to officially make the request
i'll reward you of course oh okay i
understand
i'll give it a try yeah i'm counting on
you
so we have a goal there okay
what should i make but i want to see if
i can get
[Music]
alchemy drops that are super sweet
what material should i use
and let's see we want things that are
maybe one of them
and that
[Music]
and it's really okay
give that a shot
um
is this really which cauldron is best
except we're going for yellow
we have to increase yellow and
it's shaped like that
which cauldron is best
[Music]
well this might not
i be we can give it a try here
i think something good will happen
yeah this is good now let's see
if we put that there
and that there this is going well
and then add that in now
[Music]
all right this is going well
okay good we got super sweet
all right i'll finish it
now what traits to transfer
is this okay yeah that's good
clear drops
that we need to make a flame powder
which we need to
[Applause]
i need two alchemy drops for that that
might be marginally annoying i might
register all can be dropped
temporarily to do that
let's make a flame powder material
should i use
and just forget is that
[Music]
now that increases by max let's see here
[Applause]
[Music]
hmm
what the heck we'll do that and that
[Music]
[Applause]
that
is this really okay sure that's fine
okay then let's start
yeah this is good
all right this is going well yeah this
is going great
[Music]
let's see
if i put that one yeah this is good
here this is good
i think something good will happen
stick that there put this one here
this is going well
actually we'll put that there
[Music]
and that's there is this really okay
[Applause]
[Music]
and what sure should i add
i will do
[Music]
how's that
got a level out of it
and that lets us make
[Applause]
this which material should i choose
if we sort this by category value
i'll try that and
that one
[Music]
boy that's a weird setup okay
i'll try it
i'll try this here
[Music]
this will have to go
that's the only place this one can go
so if we going great
put that no
[Music]
going great
i think this would be best here
hmm but this really doesn't give us a
lot of uh
useful anything here
i've decided this material goes here
[Music]
that's not gonna have any place good to
go
[Music]
what traits should i transfer
let's see we'll do
[Music]
effective versus mini it's a bomb so
probably
it would hit multiples
and
give it a chance to create really okay
all right it's done
[Music]
now the next things we can do
ideas for
[Music]
purifying water
gold thread with purifying water
and synthesizing an accessory
what to make
now purifying water is
it's a trait
purifying water
so i'd have to look in here oh
[Music]
no filter
trait purifying water
[Music]
so we got holy water now that is
i should have looked there um
[Music]
filter trait purifying water
so water and secret power
so if we were to make
gold thread
metal and fuel
[Music]
you know it's a metal now i need
metal and fuel to make it
now if we make
what to make
[Music]
let's see here
is settle considered a fuel
[Music]
so if we go to
gold thread fuel
so i think
is that a loser fuel right if we look
under encyclopedia
and look up
it is a fuel okay so we can make some of
that
what to make
what materials to use
[Music]
[Applause]
so i have a lot of a lot of these oh i
can use um
do i have a water yeah i have some well
water oh wait no
duh uh we need
one of these recovery up those are all
the same okay
and it doesn't matter what of those we
do which cauldron should i use
okay let's start this material it's
right here
so that's what happens oh this this is
good
yeah this looks good yeah good
this isn't bad i'll use this here
yeah this looks good yeah
this looks good there we go just to have
the uh
everything covered for no reason what
traits to transfer so we need purifying
water
and the rest doesn't matter uh we'll
throw in
low price okay okay it's finished
now we need
probably is under synthesis right yeah
gold thread
what material should i use
[Applause]
but no
i want to waste an eco skill on this
we'll do that
we'll pick um
[Music]
[Applause]
let's pick one of these
and we need to use one of these really
which cauldron is best
okay then let's start this material goes
here all right
this is going well i think something
good will happen
this goes here
[Music]
is this really okay all right i'll
finish it down
and purifying water um
low price sure it's finished
angel ribbon it's an accessory
so we can make that
what material should i use
[Music]
the only one that has anything is
that one
that's a little bit more but not by
much we'll do that one for the better
quality
if we
sort this by category value what do we
have
[Music]
hmm and we'll do quality up
and throw in one of those too
i'm gonna check
white yellow and blue
okay we'll give it a shot this is great
all right this is going this material
goes here
i think something good will happen
all right this is going this is not
going well
is this really okay no
we're gonna go back and
[Music]
um
oh i can't select a different cauldron
now yeah
this is good yeah this is going great
no it's not going great stop saying it's
going great
this is great no it's not it sucks
well you just keep thinking that this is
great shut up
is this really okay no ailment resist
medium okay
as well and done what traits should i
add
i guess those two yeah
i gotta level out of it at least and
learn to make a noble sapphire
okay well that's that
you should probably do that so you have
more mps
because she probably has the most useful
skill
in that uh um what's it that boosts
everyone
[Music]
and having her have her more hp's is
good too because then she'll be more
likely to live to use it
now you probably don't need an uni bag
let's see
let's give you that
we don't need a lightning bomb though
[Music]
let's give you one of those instead
can you hold anything else you can hold
one of those
and what about you
instead of an uni bag well you don't
have
a whole lot else we'll give you a
lightning bomb though
[Music]
[Applause]
okay that's fine for now
let's check here
[Music]
welcome which request will you accept
that would take all my dawn fur
yeah not likely to spot one of those
those are easy
thank you i'll go ahead and go to the
husqvoice and
kill some of them
[Music]
let some time pass where can we go next
this forest was oh up there
now the next question is are these birds
going to be around now
since i want to hunt them there's one
come here
[Music]
i don't like the feel of this be careful
now we get more ominous music here
you use that puny missile can you hit
more than one
no well since you can't hit more than
one we'll use this
who has the most hp's
[Music]
we'll do it on that one you are
definitely in a soul step
[Music]
oh well that's nice definitely do that
and you
can you hit everyone with that craft yes
you can
i'm gonna aim at that one just in case
we get
uh backup attacks in fact
when you use this make sure you're
aiming at that one
i used an item on the enemy
[Music]
time
that was a good chunk of damage yeah
this better work
[Music]
ow
well that was quite annoying
[Music]
wait are you seriously at one hp and 75
hp well you know what you're uh
you guys are just gonna get beat up
because i bet we can just beat you up at
this point
[Music]
and we got some levels out of it too
i feel stronger
i feel like working my art i need to
hone my skills
further i think i'm stronger
and taller
[Music]
all right got some feathers
and can use the uh
turn in that quest got a few items
i'm a little bit hurting now though
so i think let me just grab a couple
things here
real quick
and we'll just run home
[Music]
let's go
i think we might have a cut scene in
this area
these people are in unusual places
indeed they are
huh that's oscar and leon that's an
unusual combination to see
sophie's kind of clumsy and prone to
mistakes after all
oh really she seems pretty serious and
capable to me
you think so it's true that she's gotten
a lot better lately but she was pretty
bad before
she'd make lots of mistakes with alchemy
and she'd say things like i messed up
again while covered in soot
huh i didn't know that's actually a
little unexpected
oh no is it this time already i should
get going soon
all right make sure you buy some
vegetables next time yeah i will
see you later
they're talking about me again i'm
really curious now
all right i'm just going to ask about it
[Music]
yeah apparently not asking him doesn't
do anything
uh let's just
turn this in real quick and then step
out and ask leon
welcome which request will you accept
[Music]
good chunk of change for that thank you
very much
[Music]
welcome what rumor do you wish to hear
what does plaque to like let's see
what's this
honey that leads other ponies oh i think
i've heard of this
when i was trying to figure out where
the heck to get the gold puni
is that rumor okay
is that room thank you pooney at pilgrim
road seems to be worshiping something
word on the street suggests the pony
among kuni has appeared to lead the
other puny
all right um
let's just check this as well
i wanted to eat whimsy strawberries
apparently she picked and ate the muffin
when she was a child i liked them quite
a bit
okay so i'll give her some whimsi
strawberries which request
and i'm gonna grab this
[Music]
head back out to the street
ah sophie welcome leon have you been
talking behind my back lately
what i don't know did i do anything like
that
that's no use lying about it i saw you
after all
i overheard you talking to monica and
oscar about me
i didn't think you'd be watching oh crap
did you just say you didn't think i'd be
watching so that means you really were
talking about me behind my back
just believe me i wasn't talking about
you but i wasn't
spreading bad i was talking about you
but i wasn't spreading bad rumors or
anything
i was just asking those two for more
information about you
well if you say so i'll believe you but
what were you trying to ask them
that's things about your past and other
stuff like that
i passed why would you need to know that
i really can't tell you it's still a
secret i can't say
[Music]
i'm really curious come on please tell
me leon
no i won't talk no matter what you say
and
i said it's a secret so it's a secret
this conversation's over
i guess it's no good i'll give up it's
fine if she wasn't saying bad things
all right well let's see if you have
anything you need to say
i have oh i wanted to
seems like wasn't there something i
wanted to register and get more of
i don't think so
[Music]
if there was i guess it wasn't something
that i
have equipped or it might have been
something i have equipped but it's not
something i can
get more of through here
[Music]
anything i need to buy i might buy more
of that just because it's
nice to have but
that's limited to one
well it's getting uh half an hour-ish
so let's go back to the atlear
[Music]
now if we go to
materials do i have
[Music]
why are these not sorted um
maybe insert like that
[Music]
i'm just trying to see if there's some
way to quick scroll and it doesn't look
like there
is
[Music]
but i'm pretty sure i should have some
whimsy strawberries
i hope i do
[Music]
there we go
see a nice one
a nice one that doesn't have stats i
need
[Music]
let me give you that one
thank you i'm very happy
okay well that didn't do a whole lot
that i see
but anyway i hope you enjoy thanks for
watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear sophie
my name is carsten
we had some things that we wanted to do
i believe on the world map we wanted to
go and see if we could find
a gold poonie here
what could 500 call not going to
complain about that
hmm
[Applause]
poonies all sorts of poonies
there's a gold pony come here gold
that was not the puny i was aiming for
let's end this quick
this looks easy but it has ominous music
in 950
um
we're going to throw everything at it
we definitely want a soul step
and we will do blame me for that
happens this item is really effective
[Music]
i'm hoping all these buffs and debuffs
add up enough for me to do something
useful against it
[Music]
oh that hurts
not doing as much as i would hope let's
see here
um
let's try
i'm gonna try that oh man uh actually
you try running
[Applause]
you
[Music]
use that on yourself
you
use that
and use that
okay that works
[Music]
these only have 72 hp
so we should be able to probably just
finish them off with that
i am going to
[Music]
peel her up
go ahead and just attack whatever's left
[Music]
just for safety's sake
well that was easy 360 coal not going to
complain about that
okay and we can report that what's this
the fund's just getting started how
dangerous are these
kuni puni and black puny
okay give it a shot
[Music]
that'll hit three of them
i'll get all of them
[Music]
we'll do soul step just to be safe
and sky should hit all of them
[Music]
don't blame me for whatever happened
okay well that's
easy win yeah that was
nice items there
[Music]
um
i'm gonna try to just get that
gold pony okay
oh dear
[Music]
i was not trying to do that
this will be a walk in the park uh well
we'll give it a shot
can't run so that's that
i'm gonna eat 2700 admiral pooney level
30.
um i'm really wishing i could run
but i guess i'll give it all i got
wait no you soul step
you do that and
fast loader
and it'll probably one shot everyone
before i get a chance to do anything
[Music]
surprisingly not oh well maybe
time to get fired up
time to attack with items
leave it to me
can i stack buffs and debuffs
uh because i would really like to stack
buffs and debuffs
let's see if i use that with you
[Music]
sky blast
[Applause]
uh that
and
[Music]
try that
blame me again whatever happens
you're fine if you have this
what's your deal well
[Music]
so much for that
but i still got a gold pony and
probably some items at least
yeah what did i still have yeah
[Music]
well i'll take it
that was a little bit of annoying
[Music]
annoying result um
on the plus side i can go find more gold
poonies
if i go back to the world map what's our
destination
i can go find another gold pony
if i avoid going into that middle area
which is
certain death
this will be a walk in the park there's
five of them
okay well we can certainly do this
[Applause]
[Music]
in fact i'm not even gonna use any items
how many of these can i hit most of them
we'll use that
[Music]
and
there we go for an elegant finish
i'll take them all out
okay that wasn't satisfying
and 450 call
[Music]
and step away
is that guy going to come back or do we
have to
leave the area
[Music]
we probably have to leave the area
and fight these guys though
and we'll do valkyrie raid
[Music]
and
see that'll hit those two
that'll hit three though that's probably
our best bit with her
and skye blasts
on that
you need to be one
time to use what i was saying
yeah easy enough on these ones
i say right before it uses its big a
yeah that wasn't too bad
i'll enjoy this later
that was hardly even target practice all
right that wasn't too bad
but i will not go near them because
that's apparently death
just grab these while i'm here
[Music]
no reason not to
oh yeah i should've looked on the map on
the map i see there's only one enemy
there the others around it don't count
where do you intend to go next well
that's enough called punish for the
moment
let's go back here and turn that quest
in
so go back to we'll start with the
[Music]
[Applause]
street
check for any cut scenes around here
[Music]
nope
and anything from you
know which one
[Music]
though i wonder if we uh
want to enhance this
what can we do to enhance that
that would uh double all its stats
i think no am i not reading this right
hmm
come back i can buy more of that cloth
from corey right
what are you good yeah i do have it
registered
thank you yeah i'm gonna buy some of
that
which one not that i want to enhance
armor
by the way if i
so if i enhance this with this
you're sure right yeah
oh i got a trophy for that
hmm cost that costs a chunk of change
though
[Music]
that was 1100 hmm
okay well still good to know about
and presumably i could do that to
weapons too
i've got some
oh flame powder he just needs flame
powder well that's easy enough
[Music]
blotchy i've made it a tool to increase
the heat of your furnace
really let me see so this is it
will this really raise the heat of the
furnace it should you should try it out
all right let's try it
yeah this is perfect really logy
yeah i'll be able to make new weapons
with this no problems at all
using this i'll be able to make much
wider variety of weapons
that's good i'm glad it went well
[Music]
it's all thanks to you sophie you keep
helping me out right
of course just be sure to keep making
cute weapons for me
yeah leave that to me
you can now craft new weapons awesome
i've got some new wares you should take
a look since you're here
so what weapon do you want to make
do i not have that apparently i don't
[Music]
there's philly and kefa so let me make
sure i have
i've stocked up on somalia
[Music]
and let's see there we go
make sure i've stocked up on that
go ahead and grab these while i'm here
all right i should make new weapons at
least for my main party
every stock what weapon do you want to
make
these are all the same
doesn't really matter here
increase sharpness maybe
be slayer ecoskill
[Music]
hmm
kind of damage absorb already maybe grab
an inflict sleep
um maybe equality up now
[Music]
actually let's just start this by
quality
[Music]
that's interesting b and 96 interesting
grab that
[Music]
if this is sorted by quality if we go up
here
hmm
grab that one
choose the traits you want to add is
this all right
yeah we'll do that all right
it's done i think it turned out well
[Music]
now we want to also get weapons for
corey
[Music]
although
she doesn't have anything new can make
new bullets though
which materials to use
it is sorted by quality
does that increases mp consumption as
well
[Music]
attack boost might be good
another damage absorbed might be too
we'll do an attack boost
and this mainly i'm just looking for
quality on this one i guess
i guess one of these is fine choose the
traits you want to add
we'll do those three all right it's done
i think it turned out well
and for corey
tell me which materials to use
puny balls let's see
actually what can we put on here we can
do quality up
[Music]
i might do this just because it has
higher quality
we might be quality up there and
inflict blind maybe
[Applause]
attack and defense enhance actually
let's do that
[Music]
and where's attack defense enhance
choose the traits you want to add all
stat enhance
okay is this all right
no it's not all right because what i
want to do here
and we do want that and here
we will do quality up choose the traits
you want to add
is this all right what does that do
fifteen percent yeah
is this already all right it's done i
think it turned out well
puny gauntlet
oh increase the uh to next memory that's
good
let's go ahead and get those equipped
and you yeah i didn't
there wasn't anything new for her
interesting
we'll get these up
okay
[Music]
go back out to the street here
i think i'm going to go ahead and
boost up survivability here
[Music]
of
at least her
you're sure right
[Music]
and
you're sure right
um running low on funds that would take
like half my funds to get him to
he's not as critical
most of the time so he can wait
[Music]
so let's turn in which request will you
accept we can turn in a bunch of stuff
[Music]
thank you
yeah we can do this
one more let's see what do we not care
about
we'll do that one grammar meets
[Music]
and whimsy strawberry
got a bunch of those stable effects
we'll do a couple of those
thank you
not the most cost wise but
these are all the same right yes they
are okay
you
[Music]
i can do all these right yes i can
[Applause]
crystal shard
[Music]
and pretty shell
thank you very much get some missions
done there get some money
could go fight that fish
could make an ice bomb
welcome thanks what rumor do you wish to
hear
welcome i'll see
all right for right now
let's go back to the atlear wait no
actually let's go ahead and grab that
ice bomb one
i don't want it to expire because that's
easy to make
welcome i should be able to make that no
problem
[Music]
okay what what material should i use
[Applause]
[Music]
um let me go grab some more well water
for generic things
[Music]
and now it's night time
what kind of stuff should i make which
material should i choose
i might need to make some more
neutralizers but i'll worry about that
later
[Music]
okay i'll try it
whoa this looks kind of amazing
all right this looks great
[Music]
it's going great going great
i'll try this here
going great
[Music]
will this go well sure that's fine
what traits should i add oh i can do
three traits now
that is awesome how's this yeah
this is awesome level 30. i can do three
traits good
good deal
don't think let's see i could make
those
let's make pure water just so i've made
[Music]
it
[Applause]
and
[Music]
what's generic that i have a lot of i'll
use one of these i guess
will this go wow which cauldron
okay i'll try it i feel like something
great will happen
it's going great
it's going great i feel like something
great will happen
yeah i should finish it done what's
okay got four pure waters
um
and we'll do
[Music]
actually let's do that all right it's
done
what else can i make that i haven't yet
[Music]
really tempted to make that i need to
find more natural oil though
can make one of these certainly what
materials to use
only have one oh that's right i had the
that was just made for a quest i can
make more of that later
[Music]
is this good which cauldron should i use
okay let's start this isn't bad
[Music]
that's what happened yeah good
this isn't bad
[Music]
is this okay it's time to finish that
easy enough
what traits should i add hmm let's see
how's this yeah sure let's do that
and there was another thing i should be
able to make right
oh i needed to make a couple alchemy
drops
[Music]
sure we'll do a couple alchemy drops
oh i need to get more honey to do that
um so what i will do
i go to equipment
[Music]
and if i unequip alchemy drops
and get wonder stimulant instead
[Music]
sleep until morning
and go register alchemy drops
sophie are you home
oh leon welcome what's wrong i wanted to
apologize to you
apologize for what for asking monica and
oscar about you behind your back
oh that it's fine i'm not mad about it
or anything
although i'm still curious why you were
asking them about me
so about that it was to make this
[Music]
are these clothes yeah you should try
them on
is it really okay well then i will
wow it's really cute what are these for
i made those just for you sophie huh for
me
you know you said before you wanted me
to make some clothes for you too
you've been helping me out a lot so i
thought i'd make you a little present
and secret
that that means you were talking to
monica and everyone about this
i wanted to know more about you i wanted
to make the best clothes that i possibly
could
i didn't know but you could have just
asked me about it
that would have ruined the surprise and
i was a little embarrassed about it too
and thank you so much leah i'm really
happy about this
[Music]
the best part about you is how cheerful
and positive you always are
both of them said that and i think and i
think that too
keeping that in mind i tried applying it
to your preferences do you like it
of course i do i i'll cherish these
clothes forever
and thanks anyway i'll get going now
thank you so much liam
[Music]
new clothes huh i feel like a new me
i'm really happy
[Music]
a little bit skimpier oh my
landlord is still fashionable
interesting that it auto-saved
can now change clothes costumes in the
dressing room
it's a dressing room from the system
menu at the at leader's desk or the
world map
we will have to take a look at that oh
and she looks different there
[Music]
and
wait who is was it you that got that
down yeah you
okay land good attack power and speed
boost proportional to defense
interesting
that's actually kind of cool now i still
want to i know episode's been going on a
little over half an hour
but i want to go here and register
alchemy drops before i forget
of course i'll probably forget about it
later um
i love that hat that the hat really
makes it
i have new okay now
um
[Music]
grab those
grab that probably unregister cloth
because that's the
lowest item and i can always make more
generic cloth
[Music]
so assuming i can register alchemy drops
which i can
[Music]
i really want to be able to register
more than five items and
i hope i can at some point are you
really okay
okay please
[Music]
you know what
i try to what i want to buy
some milk
is this thanks come again
and i want to see if she likes it if i
give her milk
[Music]
well she seemed to like it alright well
let's go back to the atlear
[Music]
um there we go
um oh right
i wanted to turn in
the frozen lake thing oh no don't need
to go to the cut scene right now
we'll deal with that cut scene later
for right now let's go to the dressing
room
okay so we can choose that uh between
the two outfits
well then
okay we'll leave it at that for right
now
hope you enjoy and thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
you're right i guess i'm just
misremembering
amelia landmeyer could lan really be
[Music]
well of course why wouldn't she be
let's see can we get alchemy drops yes
that was a little expensive but that's
okay
probably should stock up on these since
they are useful
i have a bunch of the other stuff won't
worry about the others right now
let's go turn in
[Music]
welcome which request will you accept
you can do a lot of stuff
[Music]
definitely do that
and that
[Music]
[Applause]
and that
[Music]
i'll grab that and go buy some
don't have yeast though
[Music]
that was muff cut that i needed for that
quest i believe
which i'm pretty sure i do have
registered there
[Music]
and
have some more milk i have milk here
right
somewhere
[Music]
oh it has a happy face on it because i
know she likes it that's awesome
[Music]
all right um
let's go
turn in that request welcome which
request will you accept
oh with lp enhance i need two with lp
enhance
okay
what kind of so
what do i have
that has
[Music]
lp enhance
hmm
[Music]
i have a couple ingredients plants water
medicine material thread
monster feather that has lp enhanced
what kind of shape so if i make
[Music]
muff cut oh we can do this easy
[Applause]
and let's see
let's see we need to go to filter
trait lp
[Music]
enhanced
and
[Music]
which cauldron okay i'll try it
this looks kind of amazing it's going
great
i feel like something great all right
this looks great
[Music]
okay it's time to finish
two of those how's this yeah that's fine
doesn't really matter
now we can also
[Music]
make
i should make some more of those ori
bombs because that's
uh potentially
quite powerful i'm gonna make some
better one of those too
i can make clear drops material should i
choose
[Music]
[Applause]
i'll use that
and that
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah we'll just use that okay and what
does superfine do
this is attack item effect by 15.
until i know what it's useful for i'll
just use some generics
[Music]
will this go well which cauldron
okay i'll try it
i feel like something great will happen
oh this reaction is interesting
[Music]
i feel like something great will happen
let's see all right this looks great
whoa this looks kind of amazing
yeah i'm not too worried about it i
can't do a whole lot with that
clear drops
[Music]
sure that's fine got a level out of it
and can make rebellium
[Applause]
[Music]
that should do it the book is filling up
quite a bit
you're right your skills with alchemy
have grown quite a lot too
really yay i got a compliment
only compared to the beginning there's
still much you need to study and learn
oh i see i guess i still have a long way
to go
the path of the alchemist cannot be
walked in a day
anyway i'll look at the recipe
what's wrong are you okay hey
i'm okay what did you remember
to be perfectly honest even i'm confused
can you tell me what it was it was a
memory
of me fighting only a single scene
of me fighting something that's all i
remembered
that's it i don't know who or
what i was fighting where i was or
the reason i don't remember any details
but it seemed very important
i feel as though i was fighting to
protect something very important
something that shouldn't be forgotten
i'm sorry sophie for now
i don't want to think about it anymore
[Music]
okay
and we have a new gathering field
[Music]
uh let's just turn this in real quick
i will probably forget thank you for
coming so which request will you accept
turn in some of this too
[Music]
[Applause]
and some of these
thank you very much
welcome i'll
[Music]
but for right now with that ominous
memory
we will end it here hope you enjoy
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play atleast
sophie my name is karsten
i forgot to review the previous footage
to see what we need to do next so let's
take a look
at events so we need to think up for
angel's whisper
we need to we don't have any requests
pending
we probably have some things we can make
what should i make
i've been thinking about making one of
those but i need to make more bombs and
flame powder we'll come back to that
now let's see what else there's the
flame pad oh no where's the flame powder
somewhere around here still haven't made
that still only have
three natural oils and i need to use two
of them
so i can make that
[Music]
i need to make some of this
what materials should i use let's go
ahead and do that i'll only have
two of these black orbs where do i get
these
i should get more of these because i
need them for a lot of stuff
this is in the husk forest
[Music]
now that we'll go on a weapon
what does this do
increases all stats by eight but it
won't go on
a weapon
let's go ahead and make some of this and
get it cued up for synthesis
so
now let's see
[Music]
those are shaped pretty weird
so ideally i want to use things that
don't take up a lot of
space these are shaped kind of weird too
and let's
sort this by quality
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
i think i'll use that one
[Music]
and
use one of these a couple of these i
guess
[Applause]
and we use that one that's really okay
which cauldron is bad
[Music]
let's see if we put that there this is
good
not that it matters a whole lot for this
because there isn't anything
to enhance so this is great
all right this is going well yeah this
is good
i just don't like to overwrite the uh
things i've already placed on general
principle
is this really okay
so uh quality hundred one i'm good with
that
and done what traits should i add now
let's see
attacking offense by five is good
[Music]
does that help no that doesn't do on
weapons i want things to go on weapons
inflict weak may be good
and foot slow may be good
that increases prices
that decreases prices
it does decrease duplication price
might be tempted to get that but
i think i'd probably rather go with
inflict weak and inflict slow
yeah we'll go with that yeah this is all
[Applause]
done
[Music]
so can we make anything else of
note specifically
the flame powder no i need to get more
black orb
[Music]
and
was at that
okay well first of all i need to wait
until morning
no good as i figured hey blocked
what are you doing ah sophie
i was trying to use alchemy wait really
hey so what did you make this is rather
embarrassing but
it didn't go very well oh really but i
thought you were a really amazing
alchemist
yes i was however it seems i can't use
alchemy in this body
could it be because you aren't in a real
human body
that is likely the case this body has
difficulties guiding the power of nature
the power of nature oh right you said
before
that's the power you use when you turn
materials into other things
yes however this is a problem there's
something i wanted to make with alchemy
i see then maybe i could make it for you
instead
really that would be very helpful i'll
give you the recipe please do your best
yeah just leave it to me
i'll make drive guide
[Music]
okay
hexaorus
[Music]
huh do i have a guest should i do of
course we answer the door
sophie this is from me as thanks for
always helping
received a thank you gift please use it
however you like
i'll be going home now
island fish fin all right
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so i'm gonna make that
but first i do want to
[Music]
register
oh we got a event there
hello cory wait is this
yes it's the charm that i mentioned
before the customer visited a little
while ago and left it with me
huh looks like a wooden box what could
it be
there's something that appears to be a
switch but i couldn't press it
ah this you're right it's stuck in place
and won't move
there seems to be a small machine inside
wow there's tiny gears in here it's
almost like a clock
what could it possibly be hmm
if only we could press the switch i
think we need a specialist who
understands this kind of thing
i guess i need to search for someone
i'll try looking too thank you i can't
leave my store now so
please take this box with you i got it
i'll hold on to it
received machine box now then who would
know about this
gee it's like a clock i wonder who would
know about that
sophie perfect timing what is it
i actually have something to tell you
about the item refills i was always
doing for you
i'm going to reduce the price now
wait really yes your items are
always helpful when we go outside so
this is my thanks
i see thank you i'll keep counting on
you too
price of automatic refills has been
reduced which is nice and all but i'd
really like to be able to have more
things registered
okay i have
16 of those
i have nine of those well now 12.
so i guess the stall metal is the one
that i need to
register over
this i can't
are you okay what
okay
[Music]
so now that we've got that done we'll be
able to use it to make weapons and such
which we'll do in a bit let's get this
cut scene out of the way
i've received a request insisting that
you make some clothes amelia
how many times do i have to tell you i'm
not amelia i'm leon
you've got the wrong girl no the client
who made the request recognize you
they said you are most definitely amelia
oh really
then refuse them i don't feel like
working for them
but just leave
leon ah sophie welcome what do you need
today
and it's your real name amelia
oh you were watching you're always there
at the most inconvenient times
that's right my name my real name is
emilia handmaier
i'm the amazing clothier who won the
fashion show in adelaide
and it's just an alias i don't want
people to know who i am
although in the end it didn't really
help
but why leon
sorry but i don't want to talk about it
maybe i shouldn't ask
okay well they kind of strongly implied
that at that other cut scene so let's
see
the next shop we need to go to
let's see about some weapons
[Music]
looks like you've gotten pretty strong
sophie huh
you can tell i can tell somewhat from
the condition of your weapons
and your appearance i see
i'm happy about that yeah it should be
fine telling you about this now
about what if you go north from this
town you'll find an underground lake you
can collect
great oars and minerals there you might
be able to use them as materials for
alchemy too
huh there's a place like that but
why are you telling me now there are
pretty dangerous monsters there
you need to be pretty strong to go there
or you'd be in real danger
i think you'd be fine going there now
though
[Music]
i see i just have a feeling you'd be
okay you could even go there to test
your strength
okay thank you very much
learn location of underground lake we're
getting all the cutscenes
hello lochie audrey might know something
about the machine box
of course he won't need something
i wanted you to take a look at this so
dodgy the machine box
do you know what this is i thought you
might be familiar with things like this
this is the switch doesn't seem to move
do you know anything about it i'm a
blacksmith i work with metals but
i don't know much about precise machines
like this i might figure out something
if i could take it apart
but i'd probably end up breaking
something this delicate i see
sorry i couldn't be of any help no it's
okay thank you for looking yeah we
already know who we need to talk to
about that i just want to make a weapon
ah sophie there's something i wanted to
ask you why are you using alchemy
why the sudden question well i was just
curious you don't see many people using
this power
why'd you start using it
[Music]
at first i was just copying what my
grandma did but when i started working
with it and helping other people using
alchemy it started becoming more and
more fun
lately i've been wanting to make lots of
people happy using alchemy
that's a really straightforward reason
huh it is
yeah i think it's admirable oh stop
you're embarrassing me by the way
why did you decide to become a blacks
mythology me
my dad was a blacksmith so that's my
reason it's pretty simple
i see but i actually want to make
weapons so that people can travel
so that people can travel yeah i
traveled to all kinds of places saw
beautiful scenery and met great people
but many of the roads were dangerous if
i make weapons that are easy to handle
people who aren't very strong would be
much safer when traveling my goal is to
make weapons that allow people to travel
whenever they want with peace of mind
watchy stream is really wonderful
and it's interrupting my goal to get
weapons finally
okay what weapon do you want to make
[Music]
okay do any of these need okay that one
does but i don't need it for him
need an ice bomb to make hers